Add support page for Flow Port (#196)
onflow/flow: docs/content/support/flow-port/index.md

#### Creating Account through Flow Port: Navigate to Flow Port
 
 1. Using Google Chrome, Navigate to [Flow Port](https://port.onflow.org/).
 2. Click on 'Sign Up'
 3. Click on Blocto. Please disable any ad blockers you have before logging in using Blocto:
 4. Follow the user interface prompts to create a new Flow Account Address.
 5. After you create your account, you should be logged into Flow Port. You can now see your account address in Flow Port

### Ledger
#### Before You Start

 1. Ensure you have:
 
   - a.) [Ledger Live](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006395553) installed on your computer.
   - b.) [Initialized](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000613793) your Ledger Device.

#### Install the Flow App

 1. Connect your Ledger Device to your computer and open Ledger Live.
 2. Make sure your Ledger device firmware is completely up to date. You can check this by clicking on **‘Manager’** from the side navigation bar.  Choose to install the update if there is one.
 

>    - a.) NOTE: Sometimes the install option doesn't show up, or it is not clickable. If this is the case, wait for a little bit of time to see if it appears, or restart the ledger live app if necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
   - a.) NOTE: Sometimes the install option doesn't show up, or it is not clickable. If this is the case, wait for a little bit of time to see if it appears, or restart the Ledger Live app if necessary.
```

   
 4. Go to the Manager screen in Ledger Live and search for ‘Flow’.

>  5. You should see the Flow App. Install it and follow the instructions on the device.

Author: ```suggestion
 5. You should see the Flow app. Install it and follow the instructions on the device.
```

>    - a.) NOTE: If the Flow App does not appear, it may be because you are on an outdated version. 

Author: ```suggestion
   - a.) NOTE: If the Flow app does not appear, it may be because your device is using an outdated firmware version. 
```

### Navigate to Flow Port to Create an Address

>  1. Navigate to [Flow Port](https://port.onflow.org/)

Author: ```suggestion
 1. Navigate to [Flow Port](https://port.onflow.org/).
```

 2. Click on 'Sign Up' if you need to create a new Flow Account.
 3. Click on Ledger.
 4. Follow the prompts on the screen. Plug in your Ledger device and open the Flow App.

>  5. Click on Create an account. Follow the prompts on your ledger device.

Author: ```suggestion
 5. Click on Create an account. Follow the prompts on your Ledger device.
```

 6. Once your account address is created, you will be automatically logged into Flow Port.

## Staking & Delegating
### How Do I Stake or Delegate?

So you have decided you want to be a part of the Flow Protocol. Welcome! You are joining a group of people from all around the world that are a part of a movement centered around bringing decentralization and transparency into the world. Below is a step-by-step guide that will assist you in the staking & delegation process.

### Starting a Stake Transaction

>  1. In order to perform any sort of staking, you need to have FLOW tokens. If you do not have any FLOW tokens yet, please [reference here](https://docs.onflow.org/token) how you can get some. 

Author: ```suggestion
 1. You need to have FLOW in order to stake. Please see the [FLOW Token](/token) reference for information on how to become a FLOW holder.
```

>  2. Once you have FLOW tokens in your account, you can start the process of staking. You can start this process via [Flow Port](https://port.onflow.org/) or your custody provider

Author: ```suggestion
 2. Once you have FLOW tokens in your account, you can start staking through [Flow Port](https://port.onflow.org/) or, if applicable, with your [custody provider](#staking-via-a-custody-provider).
```

>  3. If you are using Flow Port, log-in with your Flow account address, and navigate to the Stake/Delegate page. See the Manual Staking/Delegating section below for more information about what to do next.

Author: ```suggestion
 3. If you are using Flow Port, log-in with your Flow account address and navigate to the Stake/Delegate page. See the Manual Staking/Delegating section below for more information about what to do next.
```

### Staking via a Custody Provider

>  1. If you are using a custody provider who controls your account and private keys for you, such as Kraken, Finoa, or Coinlist, they all have different policies and processes for what you need to do to stake your tokens, the rewards you receive, and the fees that they take from your staking rewards. Please reach out to them if you have any questions about staking your tokens with your provider.

Author: ```suggestion

Each custody provider (Kraken, Finoa, CoinList) has a different set of policies and processes in place for staking, rewards and any associated fees. Please reach out to your custodian with any questions related to staking or delegation.
```

  4. Run the bootstrapping instructions and provide the remaining technical details needed to stake a node.

### Delegating (Coming soon!)
  1. Once you have navigated to the staking/delegating page in Flow Port, click on the Delegate option.
  2. Next, you will specify which node operator you would like to delegate to and how many tokens you want to delegate to them. 

## I have successfully executed a Stake Transaction, now what?
  - Now that you have executed a stake transaction in either Flow Port or your custody provider’s portal, that transaction will now sit in a pending status until it is processed, which will be at the next Epoch Date (which is currently weekly). 
  - During the next Epoch, the transaction will be processed. If successful, the provided FLOW will be staked and the associated Node would be either a) included in the network protocol or b) continue to operate as is in the network protocol. 
  - You are now a part of Flow, and will begin to earn rewards for being a valued member of the blockchain! 
  
### You have variable options at this point to:

>   - Add additional stake to your already existing stake. Any added FLOW will again sit in a pending status and will be processed at the next Epoch.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Add additional stake to your existing stake. Any added FLOW will again sit in a pending status and be processed at the next epoch.
```

  - Withdraw/re-stake your earned rewards. If you decide to withdraw your rewards, this actions will happen instantly. If you decide to re-stake your rewards, the request will again sit in a pending status and will be processed at the next Epoch.
  - Request to be unstaked from the network. The unstake request will sit in a pening status for two epochs. Once it is processed, the amount that has been unstaked will sit in your unstaked FLOW amount and can now be withdrawn or re-staked.
  

>   <!--- ## Miscellaneous Q&A
>   - how can I get full transaction history for NBA topshot? A: Right now (11/23/2020), its very difficult as the data is spread out. There are plans to make this much easier, but it's currently not documented. Best option today is to start a database off-chain to store history. 
>   - Can a TopShot user find her flow address? A: as of 11/23, the only way is to find your transaction on Cryptoslam and then get your address from there. That said, we plan to expose the flow addresses to users in a much easier way. It's on the roadmap for TopShot and Dapper team.
> ---> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
